hey everyone happy st. Patty's Day today
I'm gonna make Irish dish
it's called colcannon and even though I
am part Irish I kind of grew up with
Japanese food so I don't really know
anything about Irish food stuff that it
has potatoes in it so pretty much this
is it's a blend of creamy mashed
potatoes and you can add in a cabbage or
kale bacon ham milk butter whatever you
like it's almost a side dish so you can
serve it with sausage or corned beef or
chicken or whatever so if you're
interested in that just keep on watching
okay I just found out that um my dad
used up the last of the potatoes so
instead of potatoes I'm going to
substitute in cauliflower so if you just
dean the cauliflower and puree it it's
going to taste exactly like potatoes and
trust me it's gonna be good it's kind of
a global calorie version now I'm also
also I'm gonna add some rutabaga because
I want to get rid of it if you don't
like rutabaga and you don't know the
taste of it I think just stick with the
cauliflower because it's going to taste
more like mashed potatoes
so I have a head of one head of
cauliflower and I'm just gonna cut into
florets and I have about a quarter of a
rutabaga rutabaga I don't know rutabaga
or something all you need to do is just
cut up into small pieces and you just
want to Finley slice the cabbage and
just kind of break up the leaves so
they're all separate I'm just gonna add
my vegetables into my pressure cooker
you can use a double boiler or anything
to just steam the vegetables this just
takes some two minutes so do it on high
pressure for two minutes all you need is
half an onion
see when I just cook your onions first
so I just added some chicken stock that
I made last night and this is just
because I don't really like using a lot
of oil so I'm just going to add some
cabbage now
what would also be better if you could
like maybe roast the onions and cabbage
as well as the cauliflower and rutabaga
would have a nicer flavor but like I
said I don't really like using oils so
this is probably like the most
healthiest way you could do it I'll also
add in the garlic and then just add some
salt and pepper so now that my
cauliflower and rutabaga are steamed I'm
just gonna blend it now I'm just gonna
add some chicken bullion to give it some
flavor
now just add the cabbage and onions
instead of bacon or ham I'm just gonna
add some Turkey and if you don't want to
use rutabaga just pure cauliflower is
fine and I find that just the
cauliflower actually tastes like mashed
potatoes and that's the final dish I
added some chopped green onions and some
toasted pepitas and sunflower seeds and
the pitas are just the shell pumpkin
seeds and I'm also serving it with
grilled chicken on top of sauteed kale
and that's just parmesan alright guys
this is what it looks like I think you
just used two cauliflower wouldn't have
such a yellow look to it this is really
good it's really really creamy you know
I don't even think I'm gonna make mashed
potatoes with potatoes anymore and I
think the only thing that's missing in
this dish is some good old beer so come
pie guys mmm juicy